add nsd input plugin (#7822)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/nsd/README.md

# NSD Input Plugin

This plugin gathers stats from
[NSD](https://www.nlnetlabs.nl/projects/nsd/about) - an authoritative DNS name
server.

### Configuration:

```toml
# A plugin to collect stats from the NSD DNS resolver
[[inputs.nsd]]

>   ## Address of server to connect to, read from nsd conf default, optionally ':port'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ## Address of server to connect to, optionally with ':port'.  Defaults to the address in the nsd config file.
```
